feat: Expose ConfigValidatorModule in public API (#6893)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/2_0.md

Storage synchronization mechanism previously used to persist active cart id had some limitations that caused bugs on multi site stores (issue: [https://github.com/SAP/cloud-commerce-spartacus-storefront/issues/6215](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-commerce-spartacus-storefront/issues/6215)).
Default storage sync configuration was removed from `MultiCartStoreModule`. Instead state persistence mechanism have been added for multi cart to provide the same behavior and to support multi site stores. It is build on top of `StatePersistenceService`. This is a new and recommended way to synchronize state to browser storage. Head to docs (TODO: add link to state persistence doc when it will be published) for more information.

**Config Validation mechanism is now a separate module**

> Preciously config validator logic was part of ConfigModule. If you are not using `StorefrontFoundationModule` or any of its descendants, it's required to import `ConfigValidatorsModule.forRoot()` in order to make config validators run.   

Reviewer: 💎 Config validator 💎 
```suggestion
Previously config validator logic was part of `ConfigModule`. If you are not using `StorefrontFoundationModule` or any of its descendants, it's required to import `ConfigValidatorModule.forRoot()` in order to make config validators run.   
```
